three cha-cha one and one that's it for
three cha-cha 45 first are the first
times we were working on his cha cha cha
and I'm really excited about that I'm
tell you at my comfort zone I dance I
like to dance I play Leona dance and
carnival but this is a hot another thing
the one thing I've liked about the
dancing so far is just at the point
where you think you're getting exhausted
you get the step right and get excited
and it pushes you on even harder and
that I hope is the process the analysis
coke you've got to put you've got
footsteps down the dance steps down and
then all sudden your hand realizes in
one position so you start to work on the
hand and then we're suddenly ledge stop
working free coke and you realize I ok
and then you do that and then you
realize your heads down to your look
that up in that different than the
engine so you think you've got it and
then it goes down and it comes back at a
goat I think Christina's fantastic I'm
really really happy that was my partner
she's patient she's like we've laughed a
lot it's funny how you were you connect
with the dance at your partner how it
becomes easier you'd be locked into well
call is a very tall guy i'm 52 and colin
is 64 here you go massive hi difference
and when he makes one step I have to do
10 well I'm going to take you one day at
a time 12 steps but I will take it one
day at a time and humility you enter
today you know I thought I came into
feeling it up and do this and I think I
can but clearly it's gonna take work and
work from what I'm really scared yeah so
it's like show isn't it ha what have I
done
what have I done
you